Update README for SignalR (#27749)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/SignalR/README.md

`server/Specification.Tests`: Contains a set of tests for users to use when verifying custom implementations of SignalR types.
`common/Http.Connections.Common`: Contains common types used by both the server and .NET client for the HTTP layer.
`common/Http.Connections`: Contains the HTTP implementation layer for LongPolling, ServerSentEvents, and WebSockets on the server.
`common/Protocols.Json`: Contains the Json Hub Protocol implementation using System.Text.Json for the server and .NET client.
`common/Protocols.MessagePack`: Contains the MessagePack Hub Protocol implementation for the server and .NET client.
`common/Protocols.NewtonsoftJson`: Contains the Json Hub Protocol implementation using Newtonsoft.Json for the server and .NET client.
`common/SignalR.Common`: Contains common types used by both the server and .NET client for the SignalR layer.
`clients/csharp`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in .NET.
`clients/java`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in Java.
`clients/ts`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in TypeScript/JavaScript.

## Development Setup

### Build

> By default the build will try to build Java and Typescript projects. If you don't want to include those you can pass "-NoBuildJava" and "-NoBuildNodeJS" respectively to the `build` command to skip them. Or "--no-build-java" and "--no-build-nodejs" on MacOS or Linux.

Reviewer: "`build` command" makes me think of `dotnet build`. How about?

```suggestion
By default, the build script will try to build Java and Typescript projects. If you don't want to include those you can pass "-NoBuildJava" and "-NoBuildNodeJS" respectively to the `build` script to skip them. Or "--no-build-java" and "--no-build-nodejs" on MacOS or Linux.
```

Also, do we really not support both argument syntaxes on all platforms? I feel that we should.

> To build this specific project from source, you can follow the instructions [on building a subset of the code](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/master/docs/BuildFromSource.md#building-a-subset-of-the-code).

Reviewer: Adding these links is a good idea, but I also liked how the previous iteration of this PR demonstrated how to run the build script inline. Can we add that back? Same thing for running the tests.

Reviewer 2: Check out the new comment I posted in #27561. The goal with linking to the top-level was to avoid duplication in each issue. We can improve the docs in that heading without having to propagate stuff down to multiple projects.

Reviewer: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/27561#issuecomment-726361108

`server/Specification.Tests`: Contains a set of tests for users to use when verifying custom implementations of SignalR types.
`common/Http.Connections.Common`: Contains common types used by both the server and .NET client for the HTTP layer.
`common/Http.Connections`: Contains the HTTP implementation layer for LongPolling, ServerSentEvents, and WebSockets on the server.
`common/Protocols.Json`: Contains the Json Hub Protocol implementation using System.Text.Json for the server and .NET client.
`common/Protocols.MessagePack`: Contains the MessagePack Hub Protocol implementation for the server and .NET client.
`common/Protocols.NewtonsoftJson`: Contains the Json Hub Protocol implementation using Newtonsoft.Json for the server and .NET client.
`common/SignalR.Common`: Contains common types used by both the server and .NET client for the SignalR layer.
`clients/csharp`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in .NET.
`clients/java`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in Java.
`clients/ts`: Contains the client-side implementation of the SignalR protocol in TypeScript/JavaScript.

## Development Setup

### Build

> By default the build will try to build Java and Typescript projects. If you don't want to include those you can pass "-NoBuildJava" and "-NoBuildNodeJS" respectively to skip them. Or "--no-build-java" and "--no-build-nodejs" on MacOS or Linux.

Reviewer 2: Might want to clarify that these flags need to be passed to the `build` command.

> In order to build this project and its dependencies, run the following command inside this directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build this specific project from source, you can follow the instructions [on building a subset of the code](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/master/docs/BuildFromSource.md#building-a-subset-of-the-code).
```

And remove the bits below.

```powershell
> ./build.cmd
```

Or on MacOS or Linux:

```bash
$ ./build.sh
```

### Test

> You can run all tests including TypeScript and Java by running the following from this directory. This will require having "java" and "npm" on your path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project's tests require having "java" and "npm" on your path.

To run the tests for this project, you can [run the tests on the command line](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/master/docs/BuildFromSource.md#running-tests-on-command-line) in this directory.
```

And remove the bits below.
